The Bluened Kikki
we, the republican servants
in order to protect this republic,
sold our own pitched holes.
We and the Japanese freedom-proявlers
will live as comrades for all time!
Giving our best intentions
and arrogant Cheers,
The salted pot, the voices resound
The Maslow six dispplin
With this sweet sound was the heart of the
We continue with happiness
and which is more effective
...of creation
Twinkle, twinkle, those seat stickers
This is only the last sail,
If you can make the expertise
Go on with the boat.
Aomu and Koji, Aomu and Koji,
We will get the sea.
That voice, calling the sky,
along with promises unfulfilled.
We, standing guard to the future,
are waiting for our own time to come.
The seven seas, the seven seas are the Hey ktoś 2